Congratulations on completing the course.
If you followed all of the steps you should be now Google and certified and have that tangible evidence
of your analytic skills on your resume if you haven't taken all the steps yet I really encourage you
to go ahead and do it because it will enable you to get a high paying job.
When freelancing clients and readers understand how to use Google Analytics is a powerful tool to grow
a business.
So thank you for your attention and congratulations.
And I also have one final request.
I would really appreciate it if you would leave a course review if you are certified you can say that
in the review.
And that really is important for me to see the students are getting the results and of course it's extremely
motivating to me but also it maybe even more importantly it's really encouraging to other students who
are thinking of enrolling and if they see that they can gain real skills that can get them a job and
tangible results and they see other people are doing it they're really going to take the course and
follow the process as well.
So for my motivation and for other students as motivation is well please the course review and say if
you got certified.
So thank you very much and thank you for attention and I hope to see you soon.
One of my other courses.